then the word of the Lord came to me son
of man how is the wood of the vine
better than any other wood the vine
branch which is among the trees of the
forest is wood taken from it to make any
object or can men make a peg from it to
hang any vessel off instead it is thrown
into the fire for fuel the fire devours
both ends of it and its middle is burnt
is it useful for any work indeed when it
was hold no object could be made from it
how much less will it be useful for any
work when the fire has devoured it and
it is burned therefore thus says the
Lord God like the wood of the vine among
the trees of the forest which I have
given to the fire for fuel so I will
give up the inhabitants of Jerusalem and
I will set my face against them they
will go out from one file but another
fire shall devour them then you shall
know that I am the Lord when I set my
face against it thus I will make the
land desolate because they have
persisted in unfaithfulness
you